Problem Statement

A leading affiliate network company from Europe wants to leverage machine learning to improve (optimise) their conversion rates and eventually their topline. Their network is spread across multiple countries in europe such as Portugal, Germany, France, Austria, Switzerland etc.

Affiliate network is a form of online marketing channel where an intermediary promotes products / services and earns commission based on conversions (click or sign up). The benefit companies sees in using such affiliate channels is that, they are able to reach to audience which doesn’t exist in their marketing reach.

The company wants to improve their CPC (cost per click) performance. A future insight about an ad performance will give them enough headstart to make changes (if necessary) in their upcoming CPC campaigns.

In this challenge, you have to predict the probability whether an ad will get clicked or not.

Download Dataset

Data Description

You are given three files to download: train.csv, test.csv and sample_submission.csv Variables in this data set are anonymized due to privacy. 
The training data is given for 10 days ( 10 Jan 2017 to 20 Jan 2017). The test data is given for next 3 days.

Variable    Description
ID          Unique ID
datetime    timestamp
siteid      website id
offerid     offer id (commission based offers)
category    offer category
merchant    seller ID
countrycode country where affiliates reach is present
browserid   browser used
devid       device used
click       target variable


Submission

A participant has to submit a zip file containing your ID and predicted probabilities in a csv format. Check the sample submission file for format.

ID,click
IDE4beP,0.125
IDfo26Y,0.015
IDYZM6I,0.201
ID8CVw1,0.894
IDPltMK,0.157



Evaluation Metric

Submission will be evaluated based on AUC-ROC score. Higher the better. To know more, read here.

Scripts 

LightGBM R (0.63 LB) - Click Here
LightGBM Python (0.67 LB) - Click Here
CatBoost in Python (0.675 LB) - Click Here
Upload Prediction File